README.md, before:

# raccoon-spotter
![](https://i.imgur.com/zodNdbL.png)

## Overview
This project utilizes the Kedro framework to build and manage a deep learning pipeline for a simple raccoon object detection. We also incorporate Weights & Biases for monitoring and tracking experiments.

## Rules and guidelines
* Don't remove any lines from the provided `.gitignore` file
* Make sure your results can be reproduced by following a [data engineering convention](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/faq/faq.html#what-is-data-engineering-convention)
* Don't commit data to the repository
* Don't commit any credentials or local configuration to the repository. Keep all the credentials and local configuration in `conf/local/`
* Adhere to the [commit conventions](<https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/>)

## Environment setup
1. Install [pipenv](<https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/>) if you don't already have it:
	```
	pip install --user pipenv
	```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
	```
	cd raccoon-spotter
	```
3. Create virtual environment:
	```
	pipenv install --dev
	```
4. Enable pre-commit
	```
	pipenv run pre-commit install
	```

## Workflow
### Virtual environment
Activate your virtual environment to start working on the project:
```
pipenv shell
```
And deactivate it when you are done:
```
exit
```

### Kedro
This project is managed by the kedro framework.
To run the project execute:
```
kedro run
```
To visualize the pipeline run:
```
kedro viz run
```

### Testing
Have a look at the files `src/tests/test_run.py` and `src/tests/pipelines/test_data_science.py` for instructions on how to write your tests. Run the tests as follows:
```
pytest
```
To configure the coverage threshold, look at the `.coveragerc` file.

### Linting
Ruff linting is done automatically on each commit.

Commit message:

feat: integrate S3 with kedro pipelines and github actions (#2)
Enables S3 integration. Will require handing out credentials.
From this point on github worflows will use S3 bucket for data
acqusition.
Also, default pipeline is now run to completion on every push attempt to
the master branch.

README.md, after:

# raccoon-spotter
![](https://i.imgur.com/zodNdbL.png)

## Overview
This project utilizes the Kedro framework to build and manage a deep learning pipeline for a simple raccoon object detection. Data is stored in an S3 bucket. We also incorporate Weights & Biases for the monitoring and tracking of  experiments.

## Rules and guidelines
* Don't remove any lines from the provided `.gitignore` file
* Make sure your results can be reproduced by following a [data engineering convention](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/faq/faq.html#what-is-data-engineering-convention)
* Don't commit data to the repository
* Don't commit any credentials or local configuration to the repository. Keep all the credentials and local configuration in `conf/local/`
* Adhere to the [commit conventions](<https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/>)

## Environment setup
1. Install [pipenv](<https://pipenv.pypa.io/en/latest/>) if you don't already have it:
	```
	pip install --user pipenv
	```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
	```
	cd raccoon-spotter
	```
3. Create virtual environment:
	```
	pipenv install --dev
	```
4. Enable pre-commit
	```
	pipenv run pre-commit install
	```
5. Authenticate with AWS
	```
	bash scripts/authenticate.sh <aws_access_key_id> <aws_secret_access_key>
	```

## Workflow
### Virtual environment
Activate your virtual environment to start working on the project:
```
pipenv shell
```
And deactivate it when you are done:
```
exit
```

### Kedro
This project is managed by the kedro framework.
To run the project execute:
```
kedro run
```
To visualize the pipeline run:
```
kedro viz run
```

### Testing
Have a look at the files `src/tests/test_run.py` and `src/tests/pipelines/test_data_science.py` for instructions on how to write your tests. Run the tests as follows:
```
pytest
```
To configure the coverage threshold, look at the `.coveragerc` file.

### Linting
Ruff linting is done automatically on each commit.
